Rohit Sharma led the team from the front as he scored a match-winning fifty to help Mumbai Indians beat Chennai Super Kings by eight wickets at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune on Saturday. With the second victory of the season, Mumbai jumped to sixth from the bottom in the 2018 Indian Premier League standings. 

Rohit remained unbeaten on 56 off 33 balls as Mumbai chased down the competitive 170-run target with two balls to spare. Rohit smacked two sixes and six fours to take his team home and kept the play-offs hopes alive. 

Suryakumar Yadav (44) and Evin Lewis (47) contributed handsomely in the Mumbai chase while Hardik Pandya scored 13 not out off eight balls. For CSK, only Harbhajan Singh (1/20) and Dwayne Bravo (1/21) were among the wickets.

Needing a win to stay alive in the league, Suryakumar and Lewis gave Mumbai a flying start as they took the visitors to 50-run mark in six Powerplay overs. Suryakumar was the main aggressor as he hit boundaries almost every over early in the run chase.

Shane Watson and Harbhajan conceded just four and two runs respectively in the next two overs, all in singles, to put a break on the scoring rate. Harbhajan then removed in-form Suryakumar in his next over, who was caught by Ravindra Jadeja at deep mid-wicket, as Mumbai reached 71/1 at the halfway mark.

Suryakumar, who hit a six and five fours, was out for 44 off 34 balls after setting a solid foundation for the chase with a 69-run stand for the opening wicket with Lewis. 

Lewis, who was quite till then, changed gears in the next over hitting two sixes and scoring 16 runs off Imran Tahir. And along with his skipper Rohit, Lewis took Mumbai to the 100-mark in 13 overs. Rohit then smacked two huge sixes off Watson in the 14th over to make the equation 56 off six overs. And with a four off Bravo, Rohit completed fifty-run stand with Lewis for the second wicket.

But Bravo dismissed the fellow West Indian Lewis and gave away just five runs in the 17th over, leaving Mumbai to score 37 off final three overs. Lewis fell after scoring 47 off 43 balls, which included two sixes and three fours, and involved in a valuable 59-run stand for the second wicket with Rohit.

Rohit then made sure that there were no more hiccups as he added quick 42 runs for the third wicket with Hardik in 3.3 overs to win the game in the end.

Earlier, Suresh Raina smashed an unbeaten 75 as CSK posted 169/5. Raina (75 off 47 balls) blasted four sixes and six fours in his unconquered innings after Ambati Rayudu (46 off 35 balls) continued his impressive run and set the foundation for CSK. 

Skipper MS Dhoni also chipped in with 26 off 21 balls which was studded with three boundaries and a six but MI bowled well in the death overs to restrict them inside 170. Mitchell McClenaghan (2/26) and Krunal Pandya (2/32) were the pick of the bowlers for Mumbai, while Hardik Pandya (1/39) also scalped one wicket.

Put into bat, Rayudu gave a flying start to CSK after opening his innings with a six off McClenaghan in the third ball. His partner Watson, however, couldn't stay long as he was dismissed by spinner Krunal in the fifth over. Raina then joined Rayudu and the duo blasted a six each to accumulate 15 runs off the Krunal over as CSK scored 39/1 in 5 overs.

Rayudu then hit Hardik for a four and a six in consecutive balls to take his team across the 50-mark -- 51/1 in six powerplay overs.

Ben Cutting was then smacked for a six by Rayudu, before Raina punched the bowler across extra cover to score 14 runs as they completed their 50-run partnership in the ninth over. In the next over, Raina smashed a four and a six in consecutive balls off Markande as CSK reached 91/1 at the halfway mark. 

In the 12th over, Krunal dismissed the dangerous Rayudu and broke the 71-run stand for the second wicket. Rayudu scored 46 off 35 balls with the help of four sixes and two fours. 

Dhoni and Raina then took CSK across the 100-mark in the 13th over. They led the CSK during the middle overs and added 46 runs in 5.5 overs for the third wicket.


McClenaghan then returned to remove Dhoni, who ended up giving an easy catch to Lewis at deep cover as CSK slipped to 143/3 in 17.1 overs. One ball later, newman Dwayne Bravo was also sent packing with Markande taking the catch at point. 

Raina then smashed Bumrah over deep midwicket to take CSK across the 150-mark. Sam Billings also tried to score big but ended up hitting straight to Cutting at long-on. Eventually, Raina ended the innings with a six off the last ball.
